3/7/2017

Continued research into financial markets. Think I'll start a commentary on the events I read about in the WSJ and SeekingAlpha. 

Also continued looking into quant and algo trading. Will require more research into the mathematics behind algos. 

Reminder: I need to complete Single/Multi variable Calculus, Linear Algebra, and Probability and Statistics before Fall. 2 at least before summer. 

I'm still absorbing current information on the state of the financial markets I may or may not be trading in. 

Development is at a standstill, as I'm still paralyzed by my lack of knowledge in this field. 

Once I actually have some opinions I can model, I'll look into developing small algorithms accessing free databases. 

I would definitely like to complete Single/Multi variable calculus before the trip to the beach. 

I'd kinda like to document it as well, in like a vlog or something. Use it in a blog. 

A blog tied to multiple ongoing projects would be cool. 

http://calnewport.com/blog/2008/11/14/how-to-ace-calculus-the-art-of-doing-well-in-technical-courses/

I think I figured out why I passed my classes. 

I would pop an Adderall or Vyvanse, grab some Redbull, and develop "insight" for each and every concept, do practice problems, understand how they all relate...

All in a a day or so. 

I was retardedly good at doing this. I could pick up just about anything in a few days, with major concentration and motivation. 

Of course, classes that required mastery of many concepts would be difficult, as I needed to cover many concepts and develop these 
"insights" very quickly, and would occasionally confuse insights. 

I was a very lazy student, but very intelligent, and very bright. Well, the motivation has come, and now I am determined to find out
just how intelligent I am, because I have found my secret cocktail: Modafinil, testosterone, coffee, healthy eating, and regular heavy lifting and cardio. 

I had all but Modafinil and coffee before, and I think I've developed a healthy balance for me to push the limits of my intelligence. 